todo.md, before:


- [ ] color pallet inspector
- [ ] sprite pallet inspector
- [ ] maybe some way to rename a color/sprite pallet entry which also ends up affecting all profiles referencing it
- [ ] profile container inspector
- [ ] maybe a list of all appliers in the root inspector?
- [ ] maybe inlining of the color or sprite for pallet references in profiles
- [ ] show warning in applier inspector for invalid profile names, or missing root
- [ ] maybe rect transform support, most likely particularly for being able to control left right top bottom "padding" when it is set to stretch, but should probably be just fully generic. Just
- [x] use enumValueIndex where applicable
- [x] use intValue rather than enumValueIndex, because enumValueIndex is just wrong
- [x] tmp text
- [ ] tmp input field
- [x] scroll ~~view~~ rect
- [x] scrollbar
- [x] slider
- [ ] maybe tmp dropdown
- [ ] make all the applier inspectors use a collapsed scope for all the control checkboxes
- [x] ~~use VRC Default button for image material~~ use the VRC material by default using the Reset event
- [ ] context buttons for all ui components to add their respective applier
- [ ] apply style button for each individual applier

Commit message:

Add support for tmp input field

todo.md, after:


- [ ] color pallet inspector
- [ ] sprite pallet inspector
- [ ] maybe some way to rename a color/sprite pallet entry which also ends up affecting all profiles referencing it
- [ ] profile container inspector
- [ ] maybe a list of all appliers in the root inspector?
- [ ] maybe inlining of the color or sprite for pallet references in profiles
- [ ] show warning in applier inspector for invalid profile names, or missing root
- [ ] maybe rect transform support, most likely particularly for being able to control left right top bottom "padding" when it is set to stretch, but should probably be just fully generic. Just
- [x] use enumValueIndex where applicable
- [x] use intValue rather than enumValueIndex, because enumValueIndex is just wrong
- [x] tmp text
- [x] tmp input field
  - [ ] maybe add support for custom, but check how much of that is even supported by VRChat
- [x] scroll ~~view~~ rect
- [x] scrollbar
- [x] slider
- [ ] maybe tmp dropdown
- [ ] make all the applier inspectors use a collapsed scope for all the control checkboxes
- [x] ~~use VRC Default button for image material~~ use the VRC material by default using the Reset event
- [ ] context buttons for all ui components to add their respective applier
- [ ] apply style button for each individual applier
